DOCS-15946 Documents buildIndexes option (#120)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/reference/api/start.txt

     - Required
     - Name of the destination cluster.

   * - ``buildIndexes``
     - boolean
     - Optional
     - Configures index builds during sync.

       Supported Options:

>        * ``beforeDataCopy`` (the default) causes ``mongosync`` to build indexes

Reviewer: Typically use - to indicate nested bullets, rather than *.

Author: Fixed

>        - ``beforeDataCopy`` (the default) causes ``mongosync`` to build indexes

Reviewer 2: I'd be really clear explaining that omitting buildIndexes is the same as specifying `beforeDataCopy`

Author: Added a note under the explanations to highlight this point.

>          on the destination cluster.  These include both existing indexes and

Reviewer: One space not double.

Author: Fixed

         any indexes created during migration on the source cluster.

>        - ``never`` causes ``mongosync`` to skip building unnecessary indexes

Reviewer 2: Can we be more specific than unnecessary? The scope doc has more details.

Author: Fixed with new section under Behavior.

>        * ``never`` causes ``mongosync`` to skip building non-essential indexes

Reviewer: "omit" not "skip"

Also, consider using "unnecessary" rather than "non-essential".

Author: Fixed

         during sync.

       ``/start`` returns an error when ``buildIndexes`` is set to ``never``

>        and ``reversible`` is set to ``true``

Reviewer: Needs period at end.

Author: Fixed

     - Required
     - Name of the destination cluster.

   * - ``buildIndexes``
     - boolean
     - Optional
     - Configures index builds during sync.

       Supported Options:

       - ``beforeDataCopy`` (the default) causes ``mongosync`` to build indexes
         on the destination cluster. These include both existing indexes and
         any indexes created during migration on the source cluster.

       - ``never`` causes ``mongosync`` to skip building unnecessary indexes 
         during sync.  This can improve migration performance, especially with 
         index heavy workloads.

         .. warning::

            Do **not** manually build indexes while ``mongosync`` is 

>             performing a migration.  Wait until the migration is complete.

Reviewer 2: I'd also say "fully committed" instead of complete

Author: Fixed

  Renaming the collection from this point on does not block
  its sharding on the destination cluster, even in the event  of a crash.

.. _c2c-required-indexes:

Required Indexes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When you call ``/start`` with the ``buildIndexes`` option set to ``never``,
``mongosync`` skips building unnecessary indexes.  

Indexes that are always built include:

> * ``mongosync`` automatically builds an index for the ``_id`` field on every

Reviewer 2: "An index on the ``_id`` field is automatically built for every collection mongosync copies"

Author: Made minor wordsmithing here, but left the clauses in their previous order since flipping them would shift the voice from active to passive.

  collection it syncs.

> * Starting in MongoDB 6.0, ``mongosync`` builds indexes for a ``dummy``
>   shard key index on sharded collections, which is removed after commit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Starting in MongoDB 6.0, ``mongosync`` builds dummy indexes that support the shard key for each sharded collection, which are removed after commit.
```

Reviewer 2: This is mostly a suggestion, I just think the current wording is still a bit confusing.

  Renaming the collection from this point on does not block
  its sharding on the destination cluster, even in the event  of a crash.

.. _c2c-required-indexes:

Required Indexes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When you call ``/start`` with the ``buildIndexes`` option set to ``never``,
``mongosync`` skips building unnecessary indexes.  

Indexes that are always built include:

* ``mongosync`` automatically builds an index for the ``_id`` field on every
  collection it syncs.

> * Starting in MongoDB 6.0, ``mongosync`` builds indexes for the ``dummy``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Starting in MongoDB 6.0, ``mongosync`` builds indexes for a ``dummy``
```

> * Starting in MongoDB 6.0, ``mongosync`` builds indexes for the ``dummy``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Starting in MongoDB 6.0, ``mongosync`` builds indexes for a ``dummy``
```

>   shard key kindex on sharded collections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  shard key index on sharded collections.
```
